How often do you go grocery shopping?
Y: every week
E: once to twice a week
A: about every two weeks

What do you usually buy? What sections of the store do you use the most?
Y: bit of everything, try different stuff, check the whole store
E: a lot of produce, other cooking condiments, and some sweets. Does not look at frozen foods or meat
A: A lot for snacks and some meal material. Will spend more time in breakfast foods in frozen

How often do you go to this store?
Y: My go to!
E: my go to
A: a bit new to this store but have been going for their frozen foods

How long do you spend grocery shopping. Can you break down the time?
Y: 5 minute walk there, 25 minutes walk around 5 minutes walk back. Will usually put aside a whole hour
E: 5 minute car ride (with roommate), 15 minute walk there + back. 40 minutes shopping
A: 15 minutes car ride, Does not have an expectation of how much time to spend, hopefully as little as possible

How do you choose the items you buy?
Y: have go to recipes and items, as well as new recipe she likes to try out. 
She'll peruse the whole store to remember what she needs and to check out new stuff.
She has a list, but she'll only check it at the end just in case
E: Has go to recipe as well as special recipes in mind for the week. 
She'll regularly check her shopping list because she jumps from section to section
A: Has a good idea of the items he wants, but sometimes he'll come across other items and modify the list/ add it to the list.

How do you usually make your way through the store?
Y: snake through every single aisle, back and worth for some sections which move around
E: no snaking, just from list item to list item. Spend a lot of time in the produce section
A: semi snaking, just hitting categories he is interested in

How did you feel the last time you grocery shopped?
Y: good! I love grocery shopping, I like the feeling of control
E: a bit frustrated a lot of the produce I needed was missing. It's always a bit unpredictable
A: Alright, I bought a bit more than I needed, so didn't meet the budget. 
I was also a bit stressed about time and struggled to find some items.

Is there anything you wish went differently today?
Y: that worker was in my path and it was defintely a bit crowded
E: Some of the produce was missing but also other items I needed. 
I also spent so much time looking for things I missed a few items
A: This store is so big and I need to walk a ton when I don't need to get that many things




How often do you go grocery shopping?
What do you usually buy?
How often do you go to this grocery store?
How much time do you want to spend grocery shopping?
Do you usually find all the items you need?
Do you like buying from special displays?
Do you have a plan on items to buy going into the store?
Do you have a path you like to take?
What kinds of items do you buy? What store sections do you spend most of your time in?
Could you describe your path through the store for me?
Do you have a store of choice?
How long do you have for grocery shopping total (including travel time)
What makes you happy when grocery shopping?
What % of the store are you familiar with?
How did you feel the last time you grocery shopped?
How do you choose and remember what items to buy

Pain points:
Do you usually meet your goal time?
Do you ever forget items?
Do you usually meet your budget goal?
Do you successfully get the items you need to buy?
How familiar/ confident finding items in your store of choice?


What is the first thing you do in a grocery store
What is the last thing you do

TODO:
edit interview sections to reflect questions
temper with Alec interview and behavior to reflect mouse


Interview <br/><br/>
Yesenia loves cooking and grocery shopping. 
She loves being in control of her diet- for her the grocery store is a gallery of choices.
She has essentials she know to buy, but likes giving herself the opportunity to go off script. 
She'll walk through every aisle to see about new items.
She'll check out both sides of the frozen foods section carefully because the items move around a lot. 
She likes giving herself access to her favorite foods by cooking: This week she's making Mexican meatballs, a home favorite.                         
She makes both prep intensive dinners ( a lot of soup) and quick frozen foods dinners. 
She tends to grocery shop once a week. Trader Joe's is a convenient short walk away for her.



final list:
How often do you go grocery shopping?
What do you usually buy? What sections of the store do you use the most?
How often do you go to this store?
How long do you spend grocery shopping. Can you break down the time?
How do you choose the items you buy?
How do you usually make your way through the store?
How did you feel the last time you grocery shopped?
Is there anything you wish went differently today?


                    
                    